docs: adding Silverlight Migration content (#5310)
unoplatform/uno: doc/articles/guides/10-implementing-singleton-token-service.md

# Implementing a singleton token service

> It is common to use the **Singleton** pattern when creating services that consumed in multiple places in an applications code-base. The singleton pattern helps enforce the notion that only one instance of a service should exist. The following steps will walk through the implementation of generic abstract base class for a singleton and the use of it in the creation of the **TokenService**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is common to use the **Singleton** pattern when creating services that are consumed in multiple places in an application's codebase. The singleton pattern helps enforce the notion that only one instance of a service should exist. The following steps will walk through the implementation of generic abstract base class for a singleton and the use of it in the creation of the **TokenService**.
```
